module: add module.stripTypeScriptTypes (#55282)
nodejs/node: doc/api/vm.md

    experimental modules API. We do not recommend using it in a production
    environment. For detailed information, see
    [Support of dynamic `import()` in compilation APIs][].

>   * `transform` {Object} An object containing options for type stripping.

Reviewer: Could this be called `'typescript'`? Similar to `process.features.typescript`?

>   * `transform` {Object} An object containing options for type stripping.
>     Only available when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.
>     * `mode` {string} The mode of type stripping. Possible values are:
>       * `strip-only`: Strip all types, without transforming TypeScript only features,
>         for more information read [type-stripping][].
>       * `transform`: Transforms TypeScript features, for info read [transform TypeScript features][].
>     * `sourceMap` {boolean} Generate source maps for the transformed code, if `mode` is `transform`,
>       otherwise it is not necessary.
>       The filename for the source map is the same as the filename of the script.
>       **Default:** `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* `transform` {Object} An object that holds options for type stripping. This is accessible only when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.
	  * `mode` {string} Specifies the type stripping mode. The possible options are:
	    * `strip-only`: Removes all types without altering TypeScript-specific features. For more details, refer to [type-stripping][].
	    * `transform`: Modifies TypeScript features. For additional information, see [transform TypeScript features][].
	  * `sourceMap` {boolean} If `mode` is set to `transform`, generates source maps for the transformed code; otherwise, it is unnecessary. The source map will have the same filename as the script.  
	  **Default:** `false`.
```

Author: What is the change?

Reviewer: It's just worded a bit different. IMO the change makes it more understandable, but feel free to ignore:

E.G.:
``An object containing options for type stripping.
    Only available when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.`` becomes ``An object that holds options for type stripping. This is accessible only when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.``

Author: This is a draft PR why are you nitpicking on wording?

Reviewer: Sorry, just my two-cents, I'll leave it be.

  * `contextExtensions` {Object\[]} An array containing a collection of context
    extensions (objects wrapping the current scope) to be applied while
    compiling. **Default:** `[]`.
  * `transform` {Object} An object containing options for type stripping.
    Only available when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.
    * `mode` {string} The mode of type stripping. Possible values are:
      * `strip-only`: Strip all types, without transforming TypeScript only features,
        for more information read [type-stripping][].
      * `transform`: Transforms TypeScript features, for info read [transform TypeScript features][].
    * `sourceMap` {boolean} Generate source maps for the transformed code, if `mode` is `transform`,
      otherwise it is not necessary.
      The filename for the source map is the same as the filename of the script.

>       **Default:** `false`.

Reviewer: Ditto

    experimental modules API. We do not recommend using it in a production
    environment. For detailed information, see
    [Support of dynamic `import()` in compilation APIs][].
  * `transform` {Object} An object containing options for type stripping.
    Only available when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.
    * `mode` {string} The mode of type stripping. Possible values are:
      * `strip-only`: Strip all types, without transforming TypeScript only features,
        for more information read [type-stripping][].
      * `transform`: Transforms TypeScript features, for info read [transform TypeScript features][].
    * `sourceMap` {boolean} Generate source maps for the transformed code, if `mode` is `transform`,
      otherwise it is not necessary.
      The filename for the source map is the same as the filename of the script.

>       **Default:** `false`.

Reviewer: Ditto

    scheduled through `Promise`s and `async function`s) will be run immediately
    after the script has run. They are included in the `timeout` and
    `breakOnSigint` scopes in that case.
  * `transform` {Object} An object containing options for type stripping.
    Only available when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.
    * `mode` {string} The mode of type stripping. Possible values are:
      * `strip-only`: Strip all types, without transforming TypeScript only features,
        for more information read [type-stripping][].
      * `transform`: Transforms TypeScript features, for info read [transform TypeScript features][].
    * `sourceMap` {boolean} Generate source maps for the transformed code, if `mode` is `transform`,
      otherwise it is not necessary.
      The filename for the source map is the same as the filename of the script.

>       **Default:** `false`.

Reviewer: Ditto

    experimental modules API. We do not recommend using it in a production
    environment. For detailed information, see
    [Support of dynamic `import()` in compilation APIs][].
  * `transform` {Object} An object containing options for type stripping.
    Only available when the `--experimental-strip-types` flag is enabled.
    * `mode` {string} The mode of type stripping. Possible values are:
      * `strip-only`: Strip all types, without transforming TypeScript only features,
        for more information read [type-stripping][].
      * `transform`: Transforms TypeScript features, for info read [transform TypeScript features][].
    * `sourceMap` {boolean} Generate source maps for the transformed code, if `mode` is `transform`,
      otherwise it is not necessary.
      The filename for the source map is the same as the filename of the script.

>       **Default:** `false`.

Reviewer: Ditto
